when the 'great has about 4
we make more drink in the central wall
of the bowel appears the
pulmonary call the look and
location of this leads pulmonary
depend on the increase of retinoic acid
it increases the transcription factor
of the x 4 that induces the formation of
buds the continuation of growth and
the differentiation of the cougars
when the diverticulum expands caudal
mind the class esophageal track crests
or stop to form static is the
esophageal
which divides the trachea and the yolks
lung and esophagus
each of these buds are enlarged to
form the main neighborhoods right
left after the right way three
secondary bronchi while the
left formed the flames with
Polka dots expand inside the cavity
of the body forming the channels
peritoneal peritoneal cavities
but achieve pleura estimates
visceral and I believe in the palette and its
time the space between the parietal pleura
and they will tell you that is the pleural cavity
as development continues the
Secondary gills are divided
dichotomous way and form 10 bronchi
tertiary in the right lung and 8 in
the left towards the end of the sixth
approximately 17 months have been formed
subdivisions and to before birth
there are about 6 additional illusions
towards the seventh month of prenatal life
the bronchioles divide without
interruption in channels more and more
numerous and small called the
canicular period and supply
vascular increases steadily
terminal bronchi are divided to
form the bronchi the respiratory ones and
each of these is divided in turn into
salivary ducts coming to an end
in terminal bags
the cells that cover the bags are
they become thinner so that the
Surrounding circular capillaries protect
inside the sacks to the dollars
building the barrier to hair fear
epithelial cells by violating this
type two produce are quite
without this thick layer is not the front of
surfactant the alveoli would collapse
During expiration, it is estimated that
the moment of birth are only
present the sixth part of the number
total of the violated as the adult the
rest of albiol or is formed during
first 10 years of life